Weird Fishes / Arpeggi	Radiohead	Favorite song		
Lord of the Rings	JRR Tolkien	A good movie about good stuff		
Harry Potter: The Deathly Hollows	JK Rowling	This movie is really good		
The Land of Stories: The Wishing Spell	Chris Colfer	When the twins' grandmother gives them a treasured fairy-tale book, they have no idea they're about to enter a land beyond all imagining: the Land of Stories, where fairy tales are real.		
Kung Fu Hustle	Stephen Chow	Kung Fu Hustle is a 2004 martial arts action comedy film directed, produced and co-written by Stephen Chow, who also stars in the leading role, alongside Huang Shengyi, Yuen Wah, Yuen Qiu, Danny Chan Kwok-kwan and Leung Siu-lung in prominent roles. The story revolves around a murderous neighbourhood gang, a poor village with unlikely heroes and an aspiring gangster's fierce journey to find his true self. The martial arts choreography is supervised by Yuen Woo-ping.		
Jaws	Steven Spielberg	A summer blockbuster featuring a menacing underwater threat.		
Genshin Impact	Hoyoverse	I was planning on playing this game because it looks like a pretty game and adjacent to Zelda Breath of the Wild/Tears of the Kingdom 		
Arthur	Marc Brown	Book about and aardvark living his life with family and his annoying sister.		
Titanic	James Cameron	James Cameron's "Titanic" is an epic, action-packed romance set against the ill-fated maiden voyage of the R.M.S. Titanic; 		
White Woman's Instagram	Bo Burnam	Comedy song from Bo Burnam's most recent Netflix special, Inside. An unironic banger I have in my spotify playlist		
The Dark Knight	Christopher Nolan	The best superhero film made!		
I'm more dangerous than you	Ande	Behind the peaceful days, the crazy reader has begun her hunt...		
Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino	I enjoy this movie a lot because i like the plot and the characters and how the scenes are shot.		
If We Being Real	Yeat	Song I've been listening to a lot recently sounds very cinematic and has floaty spacey sounds.		
My Neighbor Totoro	Studio Ghibli	This animated film follows two young girls who move to the country side and discover a whimsical forest in their backyard. There, they meet Totoro, a giant, fuzzy, grey forest spirit who tags along with them and brings them to a perspective on the town.		
Tom & Jerry: A Nutcracker	Joseph Barbera	Its the story of the nutcracker, a famous Christmas play animated using tom & jerry characters.   		
Lords of Dogtown	Stacy Peralta	Movie about three skaters from Venice CA who became famous		